Yes Hello everyone tonight Julie Mini'
This time it's right here it 's here is a 2 of 2 books of love live y Subaru bag
Now that we have purchased I think I would like to there of opening
Yes Well is to buy One closed here Nagura now by Lord I guess is the first time
I'm looking forward very much what comes out until now
I think and let's introduce in or was I line-up is the first. Naha
Well, the package is like this. This is a happy maker .
It seems to be good, but it is the second grader group to write eros such as shoes etc. It is always pretty eyes
It is also I spit gained chan
Empty in the case of a ketcher
It is Ekon'na feeling Wow eh Well
This seems to have a normal card and a parade card
First of all, the parallel card is special 9 kinds of bird pro-jude in the ball class Super rare karate
Normal card pasted double double wear 9 kinds rare 20 kinds ancon 27
About unloading question 32 species Boppuzure by four
That is to say climax rice hash value ordering I me out much in prayer in rare
We thought that it was good and purchased
Then I think that I would like to proceed towards opening as soon as possible
I think would like to open from 1 box first entered
What do you think
Let's look beautiful
A collection of opened letters
A line of pencils
Who first sheet is good chocolate Ne sea-chan
Hey First of all first sheet's a sea-chan Ise snow halation sea
Yeah yeah the back and floor end of mission network
It's a heart, Yazawa this
Ee snow halation Honoka Takasaka Zun isn't it especially in the image shop
It is Nico-chan small travel often here are super
I'm sorry I'm not here anymore
De' looks at whether here Fair cut kira sensation of fiscal Rito
It is a peliko by saying
Well then it's pretty and it's pretty much in it
Good, zero is rare
Well then, when I 'm going to be with these nine people, I can say sleepy chocolate here too
1 pack eyes this bread in even gonna be It is a abandoned What is it 9 colors that in this regulation
It was good for the heat wave that contains 2 sheets of the decommissioning tsunchan
It is the last So I am pack not stick with Zeller
Ah
Yes I am pretty cute so I think I would like to buy it if I find it
In or will be exhausted by applicable because the good in the media
Well , here's the stone that comes
First of all is the meet in angel
It is a starry sky Lee It is here Rin-chan
After the second piece, here's the real figure la natura is coarse and Elena- san
Take care not to give up feeling in hops from 2
Local is it loose in the back dancers Pekochu error
Shrimp cat is nice this
In this Moki-chan's friend's true identity
The best of the ridges not reflected now is the best
It is a card that lives in the sea here in the sea of clouds
Koizumi jump even though the I did not out Kayo
That English
No, this is it
15 or heart failure this is out
I did not notice I'm sorry Perth that I Ne is in here cans
Yes there seems to be a knack It is very cute . The neck tourer is now thinking something
Chiller to be decided by the people is the brother cute 1 year students set
It was a pity brother
It was like this because of that, yes, I bought something together at first .
You can make a rare win for development
Is good in people is the encounter because I like Yes sorting lantern
This time in the not Tteyuu was a pie-style vol 2 here of Love live sheet candidacy Ruth
Thank you for watching it
That it was So Baibai